cityname:                     latitude:      longitude:     population:    dot size:      dot color:     
bloomington,il                88.93          40.48                         4              red            
ephrata,wa                    119.52         47.32                         4              red            
del rio,tx                    100.92         29.37                         4              green          
lemmon,sd                     102.17         45.93                         4              blue           
ponca city,ok                 97.1           36.73                         4              yellow         
w beach,fl                    80.12          26.68                         4              blue           
fergus falls,mn               96.07          46.3                          4              red            
elmira,ny                     76.9           42.17                         4              blue           
pendleton,or                  118.85         45.68                         4              blue           
davis-m afb,az                110.88         32.17                         4              yellow         
farmington,nm                 108.23         36.75                         4              red            
eglin afb,fl                  86.53          30.48                         4              blue           
reese afb,tx                  102.05         33.6                          4              green          
provo,ut                      111.72         40.22          119775         6              blue           
brownwood,tx                  98.96          31.79                         4              green          
jordan,mt                     106.93         47.33                         4              yellow         
north bend,or                 124.25         43.42                         4              blue           
bristol,tn                    82.4           36.48                         4              yellow         
norwood,ma                    71.18          42.18                         4              red            
clarksville,tn                87.42          36.62          124565         6              yellow         
grand jct,co                  108.53         39.12                         4              green          
colville,wa                   118.47         48.88                         4              red            
atlantic cty,nj               74.57          39.45                         4              yellow         
chicago/meigs,il              87.62          41.87                         4              red            
dansville,ny                  78.2           42.97                         4              blue           
rapid city,sd                 103.07         44.05                         4              blue           
helena,mt                     112.0          46.6                          4              yellow         
richards-geb,mo               94.55          38.85                         4              blue           
deer valley,az                112.08         33.68                         4              yellow         
homestead,fl                  80.38          25.48                         4              blue           
monroe,la                     92.05          32.52                         4              yellow         
ely/yelland,nv                114.85         39.28                         4              red            
thermal,ca                    116.17         33.63                         4              green          
olympia,wa                    122.9          46.97                         4              red            
lubbock,tx                    101.82         33.65          225859         7              green          
santa barbara,ca              119.83         34.43                         4              green          
altoona,pa                    78.32          40.3                          4              green          
san diego,ca                  116.97         32.82          1306300        10             green          
sherman-deni,tx               96.67          33.72                         4              green          
wilmington,nc                 77.92          34.27          101350         6              blue           
appleton,wi                   88.52          44.25                         4              yellow         
billings,mt                   108.53         45.8           105845         6              yellow         
south brazos,tx               95.87          28.03                         4              green          
corvallis,or                  123.28         44.5                          4              blue           
monida,mt                     112.32         44.57                         4              yellow         
louisville,ky                 85.73          38.18          566503         8              green          
sacramento,ca                 121.6          38.7           466676         8              green          
new river,nc                  77.43          34.7                          4              blue           
moody afb,ga                  83.2           30.97                         4              green          
gila bend,az                  113.17         33.55                         4              yellow         
hanford,wa                    119.6          46.57                         4              red            
corpus chrst,tx               97.28          27.7                          4              green          
richmond,va                   77.33          37.5           204451         7              red            
tooele,ut                     112.2          40.17                         4              blue           
little rock,ar                92.25          34.83          191933         6              red            
tinker afb,ok                 97.38          35.42                         4              yellow         
norton afb,ca                 117.23         34.1                          4              green          
cuba awrs,nm                  106.95         36.02                         4              red            
fairfield,nj                  74.28          40.87                         4              yellow         
baton rouge,la                91.15          30.53          225388         7              yellow         
show low,az                   110.0          34.27                         4              yellow         
salinas,ca                    121.6          36.67          144278         6              green          
minneapolis,mn                93.22          44.88          385378         7              red            
minot afb,nd                  101.35         48.42                         4              green          
athens,ga                     83.32          33.95          114983         6              green          
la crosse,wi                  91.25          43.87                         4              yellow         
seymour-john,nc               77.97          35.33                         4              blue           
huntington,wv                 82.55          38.37                         4              yellow         
fort bragg,nc                 78.93          35.13                         4              blue           
devil's lake,nd               98.87          48.1                          4              green          
ardmore,ok                    97.02          34.3                          4              yellow         
marfa,tx                      104.02         30.37                         4              green          
nasa shuttle,fl               80.68          28.62                         4              blue           
boston,ma                     71.03          42.37          645169         8              red            
mayport nas,fl                81.42          30.4                          4              blue           
carlsbad,ca                   117.28         33.13                         4              green          
newport,or                    124.05         44.63                         4              blue           
laconia,nh                    71.43          43.57                         4              yellow         
bartlesville,ok               96.0           36.75                         4              yellow         
quincy,il                     91.2           39.93                         4              red            
gulfport,ms                   89.07          30.4                          4              blue           
huntsville,al                 86.77          34.65          179652         6              red            
dallas/fw,tx                  97.03          32.9                          4              green          
slidel,la                     89.82          30.35                         4              yellow         
cleveland,oh                  81.87          41.42          431369         7              red            
mcalester,ok                  95.78          34.88                         4              yellow         
campo,ca                      116.47         32.62                         4              green          
binghamton,ny                 75.98          42.22                         4              blue           
santa ana,ca                  117.88         33.67          340338         7              green          
baltimore,md                  76.42          39.33          637418         8              blue           
cincinnati,oh                 84.43          39.1           333012         7              red            
winnemucca,nv                 117.8          40.9                          4              red            
hill afb,ut                   111.97         41.12                         4              blue           
mount vernon,il               88.86          38.32                         4              red            
san jose,ca                   121.92         37.37          964695         9              green          
marysville,ca                 121.57         39.1                          4              green          
waco-madison,tx               97.22          31.62                         4              green          
santa monica,ca               118.45         34.02                         4              green          
wright-pat afb,oh             84.05          39.83                         4              red            
d.w. hooks,tx                 95.55          30.07                         4              green          
bergstrom af,tx               97.68          30.2                          4              green          
sun valley,id                 114.3          43.5                          4              green          
patuxent,md                   76.4           38.28                         4              blue           
panama city,fl                85.68          30.2                          4              blue           
klamath fall,or               121.73         42.15                         4              blue           
fort drum,ny                  75.73          44.05                         4              blue           
evanston,wy                   111.0          41.33                         4              red            
smyrna,tn                     86.5           36.0                          4              yellow         
orlando,fl                    81.33          28.55          235860         7              blue           
chico,ca                      121.85         39.78                         4              green          
edwards afb,ca                117.88         34.9                          4              green          
ft myers,fl                   81.87          26.65                         4              blue           
riverside,ca                  117.45         33.95          297841         7              green          
new iberia,la                 91.88          30.03                         4              yellow         
providence,ri                 71.43          41.73          171909         6              blue           
mojave,ca                     118.15         35.05                         4              green          
ellington af,tx               95.17          29.62                         4              green          
san francisco,ca              122.38         37.62          815358         9              green          
newport news,va               76.5           37.13          193172         6              red            
pine bluff,ar                 91.93          34.17                         4              red            
denver,co                     104.87         39.75          610345         8              green          
fort huachuc,az               110.35         31.6                          4              yellow         
ft col/lovel,co               105.02         40.45                         4              green          
mountn home,id                115.87         43.05                         4              green          
mercury,nv                    116.02         36.62                         4              red            
dalhart,tx                    102.55         36.02                         4              green          
delta,ut                      112.58         39.33                         4              blue           
rhinelander,wi                89.45          45.63                         4              yellow         
fullerton,ca                  117.97         33.87          132620         6              green          
chatham,ma                    69.97          41.67                         4              red            
austin,nv                     117.08         39.5                          4              red            
wilmington,de                 75.6           39.67                         4              red            
san antonio,tx                98.47          29.33          1373668        10             green          
grangeville,id                116.13         45.92                         4              green          
egmont key,fl                 82.77          27.6                          4              blue           
randolph afb,tx               98.28          29.53                         4              green          
yuma,az                       115.0          33.1                          4              yellow         
s weymouth,ma                 70.93          42.15                         4              red            
hobart,ok                     99.05          35.0                          4              yellow         
paso robles,ca                120.63         35.67                         4              green          
copper harb,mi                87.85          47.47                         4              green          
troy,al                       86.02          31.87                         4              red            
bemidji muni,mn               94.93          47.5                          4              red            
athens/albany,oh              82.23          39.21                         4              red            
hurlburt fld,fl               86.68          30.43                         4              blue           
minot intl,nd                 101.28         48.27                         4              green          
hanksville,ut                 110.72         38.37                         4              blue           
atlanta/fltn,ga               84.52          33.78                         4              green          
grissom afb,in                86.15          40.65                         4              blue           
temple,tx                     97.42          31.15                         4              green          
roseglen,nd                   101.83         47.75                         4              green          
charleston,wv                 81.6           38.37                         4              yellow         
sanford,fl                    81.25          28.78                         4              blue           
trinidad,co                   104.33         37.25                         4              green          
seattle,wa                    122.3          47.45          616627         8              red            
tallahassee,fl                84.37          30.38          172574         6              blue           
hays,ks                       99.27          38.85                         4              red            
needles,ca                    114.62         34.77                         4              green          
daytona bch,fl                81.05          29.18                         4              blue           
vernal,ut                     109.52         40.45                         4              blue           
bridgeport,ct                 73.13          41.17          137298         6              green          
pequot lake,mn                94.32          46.6                          4              red            
beaver falls,pa               80.33          40.75                         4              green          
ft leonard,mo                 92.13          37.75                         4              blue           
twin falls,id                 114.48         42.48                         4              green          
muskogee,mo                   95.36          35.66                         4              blue           
tulsa,ok                      95.9           36.2           389625         7              yellow         
torrance,ca                   118.33         33.8           140317         6              green          
malta,id                      113.37         42.3                          4              green          
brookings,or                  124.47         42.08                         4              blue           
staunton,va                   78.85          38.27                         4              red            
high is,la                    93.75          28.22                         4              yellow         
monticello,ny                 74.8           41.7                          4              blue           
jackson,ms                    90.08          32.32          175021         6              blue           
goodyear,az                   112.38         33.42                         4              yellow         
lemoore nas,ca                119.95         36.33                         4              green          
yuma mcas,az                  114.62         32.65                         4              yellow         
grants,nm                     107.9          35.17                         4              red            
iron mtn,mi                   88.12          45.82                         4              green          
bowling gren,ky               86.43          36.97                         4              green          
seul choix,mi                 85.92          45.92                         4              green          
millville,nj                  75.07          39.37                         4              yellow         
park rapids,mn                95.07          46.9                          4              red            
white sands,nm                106.4          32.63                         4              red            
paris/cox,tx                  95.45          33.63                         4              green          
dallas/redbr,tx               96.87          32.68                         4              green          
glens falls,ny                73.62          43.35                         4              blue           
leadville,co                  106.3          39.25                         4              green          
grand forks,nd                97.4           47.97                         4              green          
medford,or                    122.87         42.37                         4              blue           
hickory,nc                    81.38          35.75                         4              blue           
page,ok                       94.62          34.68                         4              yellow         
big spring,tx                 101.45         32.3                          4              green          
crestview,fl                  86.52          30.78                         4              blue           
caliente,nv                   114.52         37.62                         4              red            
volens,va                     78.98          36.95                         4              red            
anniston,al                   85.85          33.58                         4              red            
marshall arpt,mn              95.82          44.45                         4              red            
jacksonville,nc               77.62          34.82                         4              blue           
carlsbad,nm                   104.27         32.33                         4              red            
fort wayne,in                 85.2           41.0           255890         7              blue           
falls city,ne                 95.58          40.07                         4              yellow         
columbus osu,oh               83.07          40.08                         4              red            
soda springs,id               111.58         42.65                         4              green          
aurora,il                     88.32          41.77          172950         6              red            
worcester,ma                  71.87          42.27          182882         6              red            
nth b,sc                      78.72          33.82                         4              red            
mount wilson,ca               118.07         34.23                         4              green          
el paso,tx                    106.4          31.8           620456         8              green          
ontario intl,ca               117.62         34.05                         4              green          
willow grove,pa               75.15          40.2                          4              green          
mason city,ia                 93.33          43.15                         4              green          
hunter aaf,ga                 81.15          32.02                         4              green          
selfridge,mi                  82.83          42.62                         4              green          
columbia,sc                   81.12          33.95          129333         6              red            
springfield,il                89.67          39.85          118033         6              red            
tucson,az                     110.93         32.12          543910         8              yellow         
middletown,pa                 76.77          40.2                          4              green          
dodge city,ks                 99.97          37.77                         4              red            
cascade,or                    121.88         45.68                         4              blue           
palm springs,ca               116.5          33.83                         4              green          
mansfield,oh                  82.52          40.82                         4              red            
abilene,tx                    99.68          32.42          117180         6              green          
omaha/eppley,ne               95.9           41.3                          4              yellow         
myrtle beach,sc               78.93          33.68                         4              red            
lawrence,ma                   71.12          42.72                         4              red            
gillette,wy                   105.53         44.35                         4              red            
troutdale,or                  122.4          45.55                         4              blue           
niagara fall,ny               78.95          43.1                          4              blue           
rockford,il                   89.1           42.2           157280         6              red            
site r,pa                     77.43          39.73                         4              green          
vero beach,fl                 80.42          27.65                         4              blue           
march afb,ca                  117.27         33.88                         4              green          
stillwater,ok                 97.09          36.16                         4              yellow         
deming,nm                     107.7          32.25                         4              red            
hyannis,ma                    70.28          41.67                         4              red            
claiborne r,la                92.95          31.22                         4              yellow         
west plains,mo                91.9           36.88                         4              blue           
block island,ri               71.58          41.17                         4              blue           
raleigh-durh,nc               78.78          35.87                         4              blue           
newport,vt                    72.33          45.55                         4              green          
johnson cnty,ks               94.88          38.82                         4              red            
cannon,nm                     103.32         34.38                         4              red            
fort hunter,ca                121.32         36.0                          4              green          
owyhee,nv                     116.17         42.58                         4              red            
du page,il                    88.25          41.92                         4              red            
mullen,ne                     101.05         42.05                         4              yellow         
norfolk nas,va                76.28          36.93                         4              red            
neenah,wi                     88.53          44.22                         4              yellow         
houghton lake,mi              84.68          44.37                         4              green          
valentine,ne                  100.55         42.87                         4              yellow         
lamoni,ia                     93.93          40.62                         4              green          
jefferson city,mo             92.17          38.6                          4              blue           
paducah,ky                    88.77          37.07                         4              green          
oklahoma cty,ok               97.65          35.53                         4              yellow         
fraser,co                     105.5          39.57                         4              green          
visalia,ca                    119.4          36.32          122111         6              green          
russell,ks                    98.82          38.87                         4              red            
bellingham,wa                 122.53         48.8                          4              red            
ind rn,nv                     115.67         36.57                         4              red            
grand canyon,az               112.15         35.95                         4              yellow         
camp pendlet,ca               117.35         33.3                          4              green          
newark intl,nj                74.17          40.7                          4              yellow         
oakland,ca                    122.22         37.73          409189         7              green          
rochester,ny                  77.67          43.12          207294         7              blue           
wurtsmith,mi                  83.4           44.45                         4              green          
topeka/forbe,ks               95.67          38.95                         4              red            
harbor beach,mi               82.53          43.83                         4              green          
chamberlain,sd                99.32          43.75                         4              blue           
salem,il                      88.96          38.63                         4              red            
ypsilanti,mi                  83.53          42.23                         4              green          
pittsburgh,pa                 80.22          40.5           311647         7              green          
selma,al                      86.99          32.34                         4              red            
winston-salem,nc              80.23          36.13          229828         7              blue           
jacksonville,fl               81.68          30.23          813518         9              blue           
truth con,nm                  107.27         33.23                         4              red            
washington/natl,dc            77.04          38.85                         4              green          
griffiss afb,ny               75.4           43.23                         4              blue           
siskiyou,ca                   122.47         41.78                         4              green          
gary,in                       87.42          41.62                         4              blue           
lansing,mi                    84.6           42.77          113802         6              green          
knoxville,tn                  83.98          35.82          185100         6              yellow         
oneonta,ny                    75.12          42.87                         4              blue           
page,az                       111.45         36.93                         4              yellow         
vance afb,ok                  97.92          36.33                         4              yellow         
hastings,ne                   98.43          40.6                          4              yellow         
oxnard,ca                     119.2          34.2           187535         6              green          
springdale,ar                 94.13          36.18                         4              red            
pillaro pt,ca                 122.83         37.83                         4              green          
houston/hobby,tx              95.28          29.65                         4              green          
holloman afb,nm               106.1          32.85                         4              red            
johnstown,pa                  78.83          40.32                         4              green          
augusta,me                    69.8           44.32                         4              blue           
saint paul,mn                 93.05          44.93          281253         7              red            
hagerstown,md                 77.72          39.7                          4              blue           
el monte,ca                   118.03         34.08          121447         6              green          
ft riley,ks                   96.77          39.05                         4              red            
mobile aeros,al               88.07          30.63                         4              red            
chesapeake,va                 76.2           37.5           222455         7              red            
westover,ma                   72.53          42.2                          4              red            
price/carbon,ut               110.75         39.62                         4              blue           
livermore,ca                  121.82         37.7                          4              green          
dekalb,il                     88.72          41.93                         4              red            
dobbins afb,ga                84.87          34.53                         4              green          
quillayute,wa                 124.55         47.95                         4              red            
yellowstone,wy                110.42         44.55                         4              red            
vandalia,il                   89.17          38.99                         4              red            
eugene,or                     123.22         44.12          153272         6              blue           
cedar rapids,ia               91.7           41.88          127764         6              green          
hancock,mi                    88.5           47.17                         4              green          
hill city,ks                  99.83          39.38                         4              red            
farmingdale,ny                73.43          40.73                         4              blue           
luke,az                       112.38         33.53                         4              yellow         
ukiah,ca                      123.2          39.13                         4              green          
marion,il                     89.0           37.75                         4              red            
greenwood,ms                  90.08          33.5                          4              blue           
new orleans,la                90.03          30.03          354850         7              yellow         
baker,or                      117.82         44.83                         4              blue           
havre,mt                      109.77         48.55                         4              yellow         
chicago,il                    87.65          41.9           2851268        12             red            
yakima,wa                     120.53         46.57                         4              red            
coeur d'alene,id              116.82         47.77                         4              green          
north platte,ne               100.68         41.13                         4              yellow         
the dalles,or                 121.15         45.62                         4              blue           
danbury,ct                    73.48          41.37                         4              green          
durango,co                    107.75         37.15                         4              green          
meridian nas,ms               88.57          32.55                         4              blue           
thompson fal,mt               115.37         47.6                          4              yellow         
rochester,mn                  92.5           43.92          103486         6              red            
chase nas,tx                  97.67          28.37                         4              green          
keesler afb,ms                88.92          30.42                         4              blue           
rock springs,wy               109.07         41.6                          4              red            
hawthorne,ca                  118.33         33.92                         4              green          
charlotte,nc                  80.93          35.22          709441         8              blue           
ruskin,fl                     82.6           27.97                         4              blue           
keene,nh                      72.27          42.9                          4              yellow         
miramar nas,ca                117.15         32.87                         4              green          
williston,nd                  103.63         48.18                         4              green          
fresno,ca                     119.72         36.77          479918         8              green          
berlin,nh                     71.18          44.58                         4              yellow         
lexington,ky                  85.0           38.05          296545         7              green          
bar harbor,me                 68.37          44.45                         4              blue           
syracuse,ny                   76.12          43.12          138560         6              blue           
reading,pa                    75.97          40.38                         4              green          
bishop,ca                     118.6          37.6                          4              green          
blairsville,pa                79.09          40.27                         4              green          
malmstrom,mt                  111.18         47.5                          4              yellow         
astoria,or                    123.88         46.15                         4              blue           
challis,id                    114.22         44.52                         4              green          
mcchord afb,wa                122.48         47.15                         4              red            
wichita flls,tx               98.5           33.98                         4              green          
cecil,fl                      81.88          30.22                         4              blue           
menominee,mi                  87.63          45.12                         4              green          
toledo,oh                     83.8           41.6           316179         7              red            
jackson,wy                    110.73         43.6                          4              red            
presque isle,me               68.05          46.68                         4              blue           
medicine ldg,ks               98.58          37.3                          4              red            
nth philadel,pa               75.02          40.08                         4              green          
kalamazoo,mi                  85.55          42.23                         4              green          
parkersburg,wv                81.43          39.35                         4              yellow         
brownsville,tx                97.43          25.9           176859         6              green          
centreville,al                87.25          32.9                          4              red            
stlouis/spirit,mo             90.63          38.65                         4              blue           
hobbs,nm                      103.2          32.68                         4              red            
redding,ca                    122.3          40.5                          4              green          
plainview,tx                  101.71         34.17                         4              green          
lewisburg,wv                  80.4           37.87                         4              yellow         
robins afb,ga                 83.6           32.63                         4              green          
groton,ct                     72.05          41.33                         4              green          
scottsbluff,ne                103.6          41.87                         4              yellow         
columbus,oh                   82.88          40.0           769332         8              red            
titusville,fl                 80.8           28.52                         4              blue           
taos,nm                       105.57         36.42                         4              red            
rifle,co                      107.8          39.53                         4              green          
morristown,nj                 74.42          40.8                          4              yellow         
meridian/key,ms               88.75          32.33                         4              blue           
el centro,ca                  115.68         32.82                         4              green          
duluth,mn                     92.18          46.83                         4              red            
santa maria,ca                120.45         34.9                          4              green          
albert lea,mn                 93.37          43.68                         4              red            
longview,tx                   94.72          32.38                         4              green          
battle creek,mi               85.23          42.3                          4              green          
montrose,co                   107.88         38.5                          4              green          
blanding,ut                   109.78         38.03                         4              blue           
greenville,ms                 90.98          33.48                         4              blue           
eagle range,ut                113.07         41.05                         4              blue           
mount shasta,ca               122.32         41.32                         4              green          
rocky mt,nc                   77.88          35.85                         4              blue           
columbus afb,ms               88.45          33.65                         4              blue           
imperial bch,ca               117.12         32.57                         4              green          
silver city,nm                108.17         32.63                         4              red            
pt arena,ca                   124.22         39.58                         4              green          
ottumwa,ia                    92.45          41.1                          4              green          
stampede pas,wa               121.33         47.28                         4              red            
golden trian,ms               88.58          33.45                         4              blue           
taylorville,il                89.33          39.53                         4              red            
goodland,ks                   101.7          39.37                         4              red            
mackall aaf,nc                79.5           35.03                         4              blue           
redmond,or                    121.15         44.27                         4              blue           
st joseph,mo                  95.53          40.28                         4              blue           
toledo,wa                     122.8          46.48                         4              red            
lynchburg,va                  79.2           37.33                         4              red            
morgantown,wv                 79.92          39.65                         4              yellow         
broadus,mt                    105.67         45.67                         4              yellow         
beverly,ma                    70.92          42.58                         4              red            
o'neill,ne                    98.68          42.47                         4              yellow         
emporia,ks                    96.2           38.33                         4              red            
cape blanco,or                124.95         43.38                         4              blue           
norfolk rgnl,va               76.2           36.9                          4              red            
fort sill,ok                  98.4           34.65                         4              yellow         
greenville,tx                 96.07          33.07                         4              green          
watertown,sd                  97.15          44.92                         4              blue           
shelton,wa                    123.15         47.25                         4              red            
chattanooga,tn                85.2           35.03          171350         6              yellow         
camden,ar                     92.4           33.52                         4              red            
southern pin,nc               79.39          35.24                         4              blue           
concordia,ks                  97.65          39.55                         4              red            
alexandria,la                 92.3           31.38                         4              yellow         
philipsburg,pa                78.13          41.47                         4              green          
lake tahoe,ca                 120.0          38.9                          4              green          
meacham,or                    118.4          45.5                          4              blue           
marianna,fl                   85.18          30.84                         4              blue           
springfield,mo                93.38          37.23          157630         6              blue           
manistee,mi                   86.25          44.27                         4              green          
albany,ga                     84.18          31.53                         4              green          
miami intl,fl                 80.28          25.82                         4              blue           
manhatten,ks                  96.67          39.15                         4              red            
lake charles,la               93.22          30.12                         4              yellow         
whiteman afb,mo               93.55          38.73                         4              blue           
cedar city,ut                 113.1          37.7                          4              blue           
victoria,tx                   96.92          28.85                         4              green          
air a,co                      105.35         39.52                         4              green          
s isl,la                      91.98          28.3                          4              yellow         
harlingen,tx                  97.67          26.23                         4              green          
superior val,ca               117.1          35.33                         4              green          
key west,fl                   81.75          24.55                         4              blue           
chicago/midway,il             87.75          41.78                         4              red            
alton,il                      90.05          38.88                         4              red            
sidney,mt                     104.18         47.72                         4              yellow         
muscle shoal,al               87.62          34.75                         4              red            
liberal,ks                    100.97         37.05                         4              red            
santa rosa,ca                 122.82         38.52          157468         6              green          
carbondale,il                 89.25          37.78                         4              red            
sioux city,ia                 96.38          42.4                          4              green          
mobile,al                     88.25          30.68          193205         6              red            
point mugu,ca                 119.12         34.12                         4              green          
jonesboro,ar                  90.65          35.83                         4              red            
san mateo,ca                  117.58         33.38                         4              green          
cape hattera,nc               75.55          35.27                         4              blue           
wink,tx                       103.2          31.78                         4              green          
sexton,or                     123.37         42.62                         4              blue           
rockland,me                   69.12          44.07                         4              blue           
craig-moffat,co               107.53         40.5                          4              green          
ft stewart,ga                 81.57          31.88                         4              green          
marthas vine,ma               70.62          41.4                          4              red            
dyess afb,tx                  99.85          32.43                         4              green          
la verne,ca                   117.78         34.1                          4              green          
san clemente,ca               118.58         33.02                         4              green          
junction,tx                   99.77          30.5                          4              green          
mccook,ne                     100.58         40.22                         4              yellow         
lk palourde,la                91.1           29.7                          4              yellow         
topeka,ks                     95.62          39.07          124331         6              red            
bradford,il                   89.6           41.16                         4              red            
benton harbor,mi              86.43          42.13                         4              green          
salem,or                      123.0          44.92          155469         6              blue           
mammoth lks,ca                118.92         37.63                         4              green          
schenectady,ny                73.93          42.85                         4              blue           
san jose/rei,ca               121.82         37.33                         4              green          
patrick afb,fl                80.6           28.23                         4              blue           
elkins,wv                     79.85          38.88                         4              yellow         
alamosa,co                    105.87         37.45                         4              green          
san obi,ca                    120.65         35.23                         4              green          
altus afb,ok                  99.27          34.67                         4              yellow         
apalachicola,fl               85.03          29.73                         4              blue           
grand rapids,mi               85.52          42.88          193710         6              green          
westfield,ma                  72.72          42.17                         4              red            
chadron,ne                    103.08         42.83                         4              yellow         
missippi can,la               89.05          28.78                         4              yellow         
midland,tx                    102.18         31.95          108668         6              green          
redwood falls,mn              95.08          44.55                         4              red            
tucumcari,nm                  103.6          35.18                         4              red            
albuquerque,nm                106.6          35.05          529219         8              red            
elkhart,in                    86.0           41.72                         4              blue           
marseilles,il                 88.68          41.37                         4              red            
massena,ny                    74.85          44.93                         4              blue           
lancaster,pa                  76.3           40.13                         4              green          
kerrville,tx                  99.08          29.98                         4              green          
intl falls,mn                 93.38          48.57                         4              red            
tyler/pounds,tx               95.4           32.37                         4              green          
hot springs,ar                93.1           34.48                         4              red            
lewiston,id                   117.02         46.38                         4              green          
moab,ut                       109.75         38.77                         4              blue           
galesburg,il                  90.43          40.93                         4              red            
amarillo,tx                   101.7          35.23          189392         6              green          
dickenson,nd                  102.8          46.78                         4              green          
las vegas,nv                  115.17         36.08          567641         8              red            
fort meade,md                 76.77          39.08                         4              blue           
northrup str,nm               106.4          32.9                          4              red            
birmingham,al                 86.75          33.57          230131         7              red            
new london,ct                 72.08          41.3                          4              green          
bremerton,wa                  122.77         47.48                         4              red            
college stn,tx                96.37          30.58                         4              green          
imperial,ca                   115.57         32.83                         4              green          
mitchell,sd                   98.03          43.77                         4              blue           
bangor,me                     68.82          44.8                          4              blue           
atlanta,ga                    84.42          33.65          540922         8              green          
chicago/o'hare,il             87.9           41.98                         4              red            
oak harbor,wa                 122.68         48.25                         4              red            
oshkosh,wi                    88.57          44.0                          4              yellow         
lincoln muni,ne               96.75          40.85                         4              yellow         
mcguire afb,nj                74.6           40.02                         4              yellow         
rutland,vt                    73.95          43.53                         4              green          
big piney,wy                  110.1          42.57                         4              red            
alpena,mi                     83.57          45.07                         4              green          
cameron heli,la               93.3           29.78                         4              yellow         
nashua,nh                     71.52          42.78                         4              yellow         
auburn,al                     85.44          32.67                         4              red            
lidgerwood,nd                 97.15          46.1                          4              green          
kingsville,tx                 97.82          27.5                          4              green          
maxwell afb,al                86.37          32.38                         4              red            
westhampton,ny                72.63          40.85                         4              blue           
douglas,wy                    105.38         42.75                         4              red            
lebanon,nh                    72.3           43.63                         4              yellow         
idaho falls,id                112.07         43.52                         4              green          
newburgh,ny                   74.1           41.5                          4              blue           
saginaw,mi                    84.08          43.53                         4              green          
bakalar af,in                 86.5           39.38                         4              blue           
las cruces,nm                 106.77         32.3                          4              red            
st cloud,mn                   94.07          45.55                         4              red            
dugway prvgr,ut               112.93         40.2                          4              blue           
kingman,az                    113.95         35.27                         4              yellow         
burlington,wa                 122.33         48.5                          4              red            
fairmont,mn                   94.42          43.65                         4              red            
scott afb,il                  89.85          38.55                         4              red            
moorcroft,wy                  104.81         44.35                         4              red            
pittsfield,ma                 73.18          42.26                         4              red            
flint/bishop,mi               83.75          42.97                         4              green          
shreveport,la                 93.82          32.47          199244         6              yellow         
imperial,ne                   101.63         40.53                         4              yellow         
spartanburg,sc                81.96          34.92                         4              red            
akron,co                      103.22         40.17                         4              green          
fort worth,tx                 97.35          32.82          727577         8              green          
new bern,nc                   77.05          35.08                         4              blue           
macomb,il                     90.66          40.52                         4              red            
sanderson,tx                  102.42         30.17                         4              green          
brookings,sd                  96.8           44.3                          4              blue           
fort dodge,ia                 94.18          42.55                         4              green          
falcon fld,az                 111.73         33.47                         4              yellow         
greensboro,nc                 79.95          36.08          255124         7              blue           
charleston,sc                 80.03          32.9           115638         6              red            
pt piedras,ca                 121.47         36.12                         4              green          
travis afb,ca                 121.93         38.27                         4              green          
mankato,mn                    93.92          44.22                         4              red            
anderson,sc                   82.72          34.5                          4              red            
salmon,id                     114.47         45.17                         4              green          
miles city,mt                 105.87         46.43                         4              yellow         
buckley,co                    104.75         39.72                         4              green          
grand isle,la                 90.07          29.18                         4              yellow         
brainerd-crw,mn               94.13          46.4                          4              red            
rice lake,wi                  91.72          45.48                         4              yellow         
killeen,tx                    97.68          31.08          119512         6              green          
dayton,oh                     84.2           39.9           153843         6              red            
nth kingston,ri               71.42          41.6                          4              blue           
eureka,ca                     124.28         41.33                         4              green          
tampa intl,fl                 82.53          27.97                         4              blue           
trenton,nj                    74.82          40.28                         4              yellow         
san miguel,ca                 120.4          34.03                         4              green          
salina,ks                     97.65          38.8                          4              red            
big apt,ca                    116.68         34.27                         4              green          
andrews afb,md                76.87          38.82                         4              blue           
astor nas,fl                  81.57          29.12                         4              blue           
bismarck,nd                   100.75         46.77                         4              green          
intercoastal,la               92.12          29.73                         4              yellow         
daggett,ca                    116.78         34.87                         4              green          
harlowton,mt                  109.83         46.43                         4              yellow         
wolf point,mt                 105.58         48.1                          4              yellow         
mineral wlls,tx               98.07          32.78                         4              green          
nashville,tn                  86.68          36.12          605473         8              yellow         
mcentire,sc                   80.8           33.92                         4              red            
montague,ca                   122.53         41.73                         4              green          
canton,oh                     81.43          40.92                         4              red            
wolfeboro,nh                  71.38          44.0                          4              yellow         
macdill afb,fl                82.52          27.85                         4              blue           
aurora,or                     122.75         45.25                         4              blue           
la junta,co                   103.52         38.05                         4              green          
la grande,or                  118.0          45.28                         4              blue           
nellis afb,nv                 115.03         36.23                         4              red            
bicycle lk,ca                 116.62         35.28                         4              green          
elkhart,ks                    101.88         37.0                          4              red            
huron,sd                      98.22          44.38                         4              blue           
quantico mca,va               77.3           38.5                          4              red            
drummond,mt                   113.15         46.67                         4              yellow         
tacoma,wa                     122.58         47.27          199638         6              red            
santa fe,nm                   106.08         35.62                         4              red            
manchester,nh                 71.43          42.93          109279         6              yellow         
elizabeth,nc                  76.18          36.27                         4              blue           
stephenville,tx               98.18          32.22                         4              green          
beatrice,ne                   96.75          40.32                         4              yellow         
jaffrey,nh                    72.0           42.8                          4              yellow         
new york/jfk,ny               73.78          40.65                         4              blue           
sault m,mi                    84.37          46.47                         4              green          
livingston,mt                 110.43         45.7                          4              yellow         
ainsworth,ne                  99.98          42.58                         4              yellow         
new york/lga,ny               73.9           40.77                         4              blue           
cortez,co                     108.63         37.3                          4              green          
bloomington,in                86.62          39.13                         4              blue           
madison,wi                    89.33          43.13          235419         7              yellow         
gunnison,co                   106.92         38.55                         4              green          
columbus,ne                   97.35          41.45                         4              yellow         
willoughby,oh                 81.4           41.63                         4              red            
portland,me                   70.32          43.65                         4              blue           
stockton,ca                   121.25         37.9           287578         7              green          
williamsport,pa               76.92          41.25                         4              green          
evansville,in                 87.53          38.05          116584         6              blue           
moriarity,nm                  106.05         34.98                         4              red            
teterboro,nj                  74.05          40.85                         4              yellow         
columbus,ga                   84.93          32.52          190414         6              green          
wilmington,vt                 72.88          42.88                         4              green          
bullfrog mar,ut               110.7          37.5                          4              blue           
ft lauderdale,fl              80.15          26.07                         4              blue           
merced,ca                     120.52         37.28                         4              green          
harrisburg,pa                 77.42          40.37                         4              green          
w lafayette,in                86.93          40.42                         4              blue           
caribou mun,me                68.02          46.87                         4              blue           
ft aaf,tx                     97.72          31.15                         4              green          
carswell afb,tx               97.43          32.78                         4              green          
hattiesburg,ms                89.33          31.47                         4              blue           
milford,ut                    113.03         38.72                         4              blue           
danville,il                   87.6           40.2                          4              red            
watertown,ny                  76.02          44.0                          4              blue           
guadalupe ps,tx               104.8          31.83                         4              green          
ontario,or                    117.02         44.02                         4              blue           
flagstaff,az                  111.67         35.13                         4              yellow         
ft knox,ky                    85.97          37.9                          4              green          
elko,nv                       115.78         40.83                         4              red            
brunswick,me                  69.93          43.88                         4              blue           
casper,wy                     106.47         42.92                         4              red            
garden city,ks                100.72         37.93                         4              red            
fort carson,co                104.77         38.68                         4              green          
custer,sd                     103.6          43.77                         4              blue           
london,ky                     84.07          37.08                         4              green          
mcallen,tx                    98.23          26.18          132225         6              green          
alameda nas,ca                122.32         37.78                         4              green          
texarkana,ar                  94.0           33.45                         4              red            
gooding,id                    115.17         43.0                          4              green          
indianapolis,in               86.27          39.73          807584         9              blue           
kearney,ne                    99.0           40.73                         4              yellow         
fort eustis,va                76.62          37.13                         4              red            
modesto,ca                    120.95         37.63          202743         7              green          
glasgow,mt                    106.62         48.22                         4              yellow         
dillon,mt                     112.55         45.25                         4              yellow         
palmdale,ca                   118.13         35.05          143985         6              green          
george afb,ca                 117.38         34.58                         4              green          
barnegat ls,nj                74.28          40.28                         4              yellow         
terre haute,in                87.3           39.45                         4              blue           
palo alto,ca                  122.12         37.47                         4              green          
escanaba,mi                   87.08          45.73                         4              green          
manteo arpt,nc                75.68          35.92                         4              blue           
buffalo,ny                    78.73          42.93          270240         7              blue           
youngstown,oh                 80.67          41.27                         4              red            
whidbey is,wa                 122.65         48.35                         4              red            
worland,wy                    107.97         43.97                         4              red            
wheeling,wv                   80.65          40.18                         4              yellow         
seattle/boeing,wa             122.3          47.53                         4              red            
detroit laks,mn               95.88          46.82                         4              red            
oxford,ms                     89.54          34.39                         4              blue           
boothville,la                 89.67          29.55                         4              yellow         
new bedford,ma                70.97          41.68                         4              red            
crescent cty,ca               124.23         41.78                         4              green          
portland,or                   122.6          45.6           566143         8              blue           
memphis intl,tn               90.0           35.05                         4              yellow         
clinton,ok                    99.2           35.35                         4              yellow         
alturas,ca                    120.53         41.48                         4              green          
wausau,wi                     89.62          44.92                         4              yellow         
eau claire,wi                 91.48          44.87                         4              yellow         
fort devens,ma                71.6           42.57                         4              red            
dare gr,nc                    76.5           36.13                         4              blue           
los alamos,nm                 106.28         35.88                         4              red            
montgomery,al                 86.4           32.3           202124         7              red            
offutt afb,ne                 95.92          41.12                         4              yellow         
albany,ny                     73.8           42.75                         4              blue           
glenview nas,il               87.82          42.08                         4              red            
des moines,ia                 93.65          41.53          200538         7              green          
pasco,wa                      119.12         46.27                         4              red            
sheridan,wy                   106.97         44.77                         4              red            
salisbury,md                  75.5           38.33                         4              blue           
salida,co                     106.05         38.53                         4              green          
mcclellan,ca                  121.4          38.67                         4              green          
bradford,pa                   78.63          41.8                          4              green          
tuscaloosa,al                 87.62          33.23                         4              red            
boise,id                      116.22         43.57          205707         7              green          
hutchinson,ks                 97.87          38.07                         4              red            
clarksburg,wv                 80.23          39.28                         4              yellow         
tustin mcas,ca                117.83         33.7                          4              green          
ft collins,co                 105.08         40.58                         4              green          
fayetteville,ar               94.17          36.0                          4              red            
sioux falls,sd                96.73          43.58          158008         6              blue           
battle mtn,nv                 116.87         40.62                         4              red            
pueblo,co                     104.52         38.28          104877         6              green          
bozeman,mt                    111.15         45.78                         4              yellow         
tupelo,ms                     88.77          34.27                         4              blue           
ann arbor,mi                  83.75          42.22          112920         6              green          
miami/opa,fl                  80.28          25.92                         4              blue           
naples,fl                     81.8           26.13                         4              blue           
natchez,ms                    91.25          31.62                         4              blue           
north is,ca                   117.2          32.7                          4              green          
broken bow,ne                 99.65          41.43                         4              yellow         
yankton,sd                    97.38          42.92                         4              blue           
wendover,ut                   114.05         41.22                         4              blue           
everet/paine,wa               122.28         47.92                         4              red            
w yellowston,mt               111.12         44.68                         4              yellow         
chippewa,mi                   84.47          46.25                         4              green          
jackson,tn                    88.92          35.6                          4              yellow         
monett,mo                     94.35          37.33                         4              blue           
champaign/urbana,il           88.28          40.03                         4              red            
steamboat sp,co               106.82         40.48                         4              green          
lander,wy                     108.73         42.82                         4              red            
beckley,wv                    81.12          37.78                         4              yellow         
pontiac,mi                    83.42          42.67                         4              green          
rumford,me                    70.88          44.88                         4              blue           
winslow,az                    110.73         35.02                         4              yellow         
blue canyon,ca                120.7          39.28                         4              green          
hawthorne,nv                  118.63         38.55                         4              red            
big sky,tx                    101.48         32.39                         4              green          
la grange,ga                  85.07          33.01                         4              green          
muncie,in                     85.38          40.23                         4              blue           
lancaster,ca                  118.22         34.73          145776         6              green          
philadelphia,pa               75.25          39.88          1547297        10             green          
aberdeen,sd                   98.43          45.45                         4              blue           
washington/dulles,dc          77.46          38.95                         4              green          
walnut ridge,ar               90.93          36.13                         4              red            
fairchild,wa                  117.65         47.62                         4              red            
burley,id                     113.77         42.53                         4              green          
elk city,id                   115.43         45.82                         4              green          
mccall,id                     116.1          44.88                         4              green          
pensacola,fl                  87.2           30.47                         4              blue           
lakeland,fl                   81.95          28.03                         4              blue           
socorro,nm                    106.9          34.07                         4              red            
st johnsbury,vt               72.02          44.42                         4              green          
olathe,ks                     94.9           38.85          121962         6              red            
wildhorse,nv                  116.25         41.33                         4              red            
oceana nas,va                 76.03          36.82                         4              red            
harrison,ar                   93.15          36.27                         4              red            
tyndall afb,fl                85.58          30.07                         4              blue           
norfolk,ne                    97.43          41.98                         4              yellow         
memphis nas,tn                89.87          35.35                         4              yellow         
morgan city,la                91.2           29.7                          4              yellow         
nantucket,ma                  70.07          41.25                         4              red            
great falls,mt                111.37         47.48                         4              yellow         
salt ct,ut                    111.97         40.78                         4              blue           
fort benning,ga               85.0           32.33                         4              green          
yucca flat,nv                 116.08         37.58                         4              red            
kinston,nc                    77.63          35.32                         4              blue           
dothan,al                     85.45          31.32                         4              red            
shelter cove,ca               124.07         40.03                         4              green          
lone rock,wi                  90.18          43.2                          4              yellow         
mather afb,ca                 121.3          38.57                         4              green          
duke fld,fl                   86.52          30.65                         4              blue           
augusta/bush,ga               81.97          33.37                         4              green          
key nas,fl                    81.68          24.57                         4              blue           
vandenberg,ca                 120.95         35.2                          4              green          
alliance,ne                   102.8          42.05                         4              yellow         
savannah mun,ga               81.2           32.13                         4              green          
sidney muni,ne                102.98         41.1                          4              yellow         
butte,mt                      112.5          45.95                         4              yellow         
lafayette,la                  92.0           30.2           114915         6              yellow         
england afb,la                92.55          31.33                         4              yellow         
scottsdale,az                 111.92         33.62          237844         7              yellow         
ely,mn                        91.82          47.9                          4              red            
mcconnell af,ks               97.27          37.62                         4              red            
austin,tx                     97.7           30.3           786386         8              green          
beaufort mca,sc               80.72          32.48                         4              red            
grand island,ne               98.32          40.97                         4              yellow         
cut bank,mt                   112.37         48.6                          4              yellow         
los alamitos,ca               118.05         33.78                         4              green          
bakersfield,ca                119.05         35.43          324463         7              green          
langley afb,va                76.37          37.08                         4              red            
atlanta/dklb,ga               84.3           33.88                         4              green          
burwell,ne                    99.15          41.78                         4              yellow         
ord/sharp,ne                  98.95          41.62                         4              yellow         
mccomb,ms                     90.47          31.18                         4              blue           
miami/tamiami,fl              80.43          25.65                         4              blue           
corona,nm                     105.68         34.1                          4              red            
childress,tx                  100.28         34.43                         4              green          
malad city,id                 112.32         42.17                         4              green          
melbourne,fl                  80.63          28.1                          4              blue           
clayton arpt,nm               103.15         36.45                         4              red            
roanoke muni,va               79.97          37.32                         4              red            
hillsboro,or                  122.95         45.53                         4              blue           
coopersville,mi               85.95          43.07                         4              green          
bluefield,wv                  81.22          37.3                          4              yellow         
fort rucker,al                85.72          31.28                         4              red            
spokane,wa                    117.33         47.67          203268         7              red            
douglas,az                    109.6          31.45                         4              yellow         
ft smith,ar                   94.37          35.33                         4              red            
peoria,il                     89.68          40.67          115520         6              red            
ocean city,md                 75.13          38.55                         4              blue           
waterloo mun,ia               92.4           42.55                         4              green          
saint george,ut               113.6          37.08                         4              blue           
lovelock,nv                   118.92         40.1                          4              red            
mattoon,il                    88.28          39.48                         4              red            
houston,tx                    95.35          29.97          2257926        11             green          
manitowac,wi                  87.67          44.13                         4              yellow         
traverse cty,mi               85.58          44.73                         4              green          
el dorado,ar                  92.8           33.22                         4              red            
pt arguello,ca                121.12         34.95                         4              green          
kirksville,mo                 92.55          40.1                          4              blue           
cotulla,tx                    99.22          28.45                         4              green          
saranac lk,ny                 74.2           44.38                         4              blue           
florence,sc                   79.72          34.18                         4              red            
warroad,mn                    95.35          48.93                         4              red            
pullman,wa                    117.12         46.75                         4              red            
phillips,md                   76.17          39.47                         4              blue           
rome/russell,ga               85.17          34.35                         4              green          
alexandria,mn                 95.38          45.87                         4              red            
san angelo,tx                 100.5          31.37                         4              green          
gallup/clark,nm               108.78         35.52                         4              red            
cozad,ne                      100.0          40.87                         4              yellow         
hot springs,va                79.82          37.95                         4              red            
vichy/rolla,mo                91.77          38.13                         4              blue           
concord,nh                    71.5           43.2                          4              yellow         
lamar,co                      102.6          38.12                         4              green          
san isl,ca                    119.45         33.25                         4              green          
roswell,nm                    104.53         33.3                          4              red            
dallas nas,tx                 96.97          32.73                         4              green          
rockport,tx                   97.03          28.08                         4              green          
fort ord,ca                   121.77         36.68                         4              green          
greeley-wld,co                104.63         40.43                         4              green          
kelly afb,tx                  98.58          29.38                         4              green          
hibbing,mn                    92.85          47.38                         4              red            
zanesville,oh                 81.9           39.95                         4              red            
windsor loc,ct                72.68          41.93                         4              green          
decatur,il                    88.87          39.83                         4              red            
houma,la                      90.65          29.57                         4              yellow         
saint peters,fl               82.68          27.92                         4              blue           
dubuque,ia                    90.7           42.4                          4              green          
chino,ca                      117.63         33.97                         4              green          
phoenix,az                    112.02         33.43          1593659        10             yellow         
los angeles,ca                118.4          33.93          3831868        13             green          
otis angb,ma                  70.52          41.65                         4              red            
volk fld,wi                   90.27          43.93                         4              yellow         
bistate park,il               90.15          38.57                         4              red            
fort polk,la                  93.2           31.05                         4              yellow         
jackson,mi                    84.47          42.27                         4              green          
wichita,ks                    97.43          37.65          372186         7              red            
south bend,in                 86.32          41.7           104215         6              blue           
cheyenne,wy                   104.82         41.15                         4              red            
burlington,ia                 91.12          40.78                         4              green          
houlton,me                    67.78          46.13                         4              blue           
shaw afb,sc                   80.47          33.97                         4              red            
laughlin afb,tx               100.78         29.37                         4              green          
valdosta,ga                   83.28          30.78                         4              green          
bedford,ma                    71.28          42.47                         4              red            
laramie,wy                    105.68         41.32                         4              red            
jamestown,ny                  79.25          42.15                         4              blue           
owensboro,ky                  87.17          37.75                         4              green          
plattsburgh,ny                73.47          44.65                         4              blue           
centralia,il                  89.09          38.51                         4              red            
dallas/love,tx                96.85          32.85                         4              green          
glendive,mt                   104.8          47.13                         4              yellow         
avon g,fl                     81.55          28.08                         4              blue           
cross city,fl                 83.1           29.62                         4              blue           
findlay,oh                    83.67          41.02                         4              red            
sarasota,fl                   82.55          27.4                          4              blue           
grand rapids,mn               93.52          47.22                         4              red            
hondo,tx                      99.17          29.35                         4              green          
burbank,ca                    118.37         34.2           103121         6              green          
burns arpt,or                 118.95         43.6                          4              blue           
cherry point,nc               76.88          34.9                          4              blue           
white sulph,wv                80.2           37.46                         4              yellow         
norman,ok                     97.47          35.23          109062         6              yellow         
state colleg,pa               77.83          40.85                         4              green          
tonopah,nv                    117.08         38.07                         4              red            
missoula,mt                   114.08         46.92                         4              yellow         
pope afb,nc                   79.02          35.17                         4              blue           
hot springs,nc                82.82          35.9                          4              blue           
lufkin,tx                     94.75          31.23                         4              green          
rawlins,wy                    107.2          41.8                          4              red            
dyersburg,tn                  89.4           36.02                         4              yellow         
pocatello,id                  112.6          42.92                         4              green          
enid,ok                       97.8           36.38                         4              yellow         
hayward,ca                    122.12         37.65          144291         6              green          
st louis,mo                   90.37          38.75          356587         7              blue           
burlington,vt                 73.15          44.47                         4              green          
ithaca,ny                     76.47          42.48                         4              blue           
palacios,tx                   96.25          28.72                         4              green          
lawton,ok                     98.42          34.57                         4              yellow         
chanute,ks                    95.48          37.67                         4              red            
redig,sd                      103.32         45.16                         4              blue           
ironwood,mi                   90.13          46.53                         4              green          
islip,ny                      73.1           40.78                         4              blue           
cody,wy                       109.02         44.52                         4              red            
green bay,wi                  88.13          44.48          101412         6              yellow         
payson,az                     111.33         34.23                         4              yellow         
port angeles,wa               123.67         48.22                         4              red            
truckee-tahoe,ca              120.13         39.32                         4              green          
barksdale,la                  93.67          32.5                          4              yellow         
las vegas,nm                  105.15         35.65                         4              red            
philip,sd                     101.6          44.05                         4              blue           
moffet nas,ca                 122.05         37.42                         4              green          
susanville,ca                 120.95         40.63                         4              green          
new haven,ct                  72.9           41.27          123330         6              green          
fort lauderd,fl               80.13          26.13                         4              blue           
pease afb,nh                  70.82          43.08                         4              yellow         
fargo,nd                      96.8           46.9                          4              green          
roseburg,or                   123.37         43.23                         4              blue           
winter park,co                105.87         40.0                          4              green          
long beach,ca                 118.15         33.82          462604         8              green          
lake view,or                  120.35         42.18                         4              blue           
muir,pa                       76.57          40.43                         4              green          
ellsworth af,sd               103.1          44.15                         4              blue           
north omaha,ne                96.02          41.37                         4              yellow         
mullan,id                     115.8          47.47                         4              green          
englewood,co                  104.83         39.57                         4              green          
montpelier,vt                 72.57          44.2                          4              green          
reno,nv                       119.78         39.5           219636         7              red            
lewiston,mt                   109.45         47.05                         4              yellow         
mosinee,wi                    89.67          44.78                         4              yellow         
laredo intl,tx                99.47          27.53                         4              green          
concord,ca                    122.05         37.98          126752         6              green          
rickenbacker,oh               82.93          39.82                         4              red            
whiting fld,fl                87.02          30.72                         4              blue           
milwaukee,wi                  88.05          43.12          605013         8              yellow         
gage,ok                       99.77          36.3                          4              yellow         
white plains,ny               73.72          41.07                         4              blue           
asheville,nc                  82.55          35.43                         4              blue           
beaumont,ca                   116.95         33.93                         4              green          
safford awrs,az               109.68         32.82                         4              yellow         
jamestown,nd                  98.68          46.92                         4              green          
col. jabar,ks                 97.22          37.75                         4              red            
loring afb,me                 67.88          46.95                         4              blue           
aspen,co                      106.87         39.22                         4              green          
ogden,ut                      112.02         41.18                         4              blue           
blythe,ca                     114.72         33.62                         4              green          
walla walla,wa                118.28         46.1                          4              red            
